add docs to use tendermint rpc (#452)
zigbee-alliance/distributed-compliance-ledger: docs/tendermint-rpc.md

> # Tendermint RPC

Reviewer: Can you please add a reference to this doc to https://github.com/zigbee-alliance/distributed-compliance-ledger/blob/master/README.md#tendermint-rpc-and-light-client and https://github.com/zigbee-alliance/distributed-compliance-ledger/blob/master/docs/transactions.md#how-to-read-from-the-ledger (Tendermint RPC item)

[Tendermint RPC](https://docs.tendermint.com/v0.34/rpc/#) can be used to query application's state and/or subscribe to Tendermint WebSocket events.   
The default RPC listen address is tcp://0.0.0.0:26657. See the [docs](https://docs.tendermint.com/v0.34/rpc/#) to learn how to configure and customize.

## WebSocket Events

Full list of Tendermint WebSocket events can be found [here](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/tendermint/tendermint/types#pkg-constants).

### Subscribe

Subscribing to Tendermint WebSocket events can be done using any WS clients like [wscat](https://github.com/websockets/wscat), [Postman](https://www.postman.com/), etc. The following is an example of subscribing to a new `tx` (transaction) event using wscat:

1. Connect to the server:

```bash

> wscat -c ws://localhost:26657/websocket

Reviewer: Please replace `localhost` with `<node-address>` (generic param).
Also please provide an example for one of open Test Net and Main Net nodes (Observers), for example from https://github.com/zigbee-alliance/distributed-compliance-ledger/blob/master/deployment/persistent_chains/testnet-2.0/testnet-2.0-csa-endpoints.md and https://github.com/zigbee-alliance/distributed-compliance-ledger/blob/master/deployment/persistent_chains/main-net/main-net-csa-endpoints.md.

```

2. Subscribe to the `tx` event in the wscat command line (refer to the [docs](https://docs.tendermint.com/v0.34/rpc/#) to learn the syntax):

```json
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"subscribe","id":0,"params":{"query":"tm.event='Tx'"}}
```

You should get the following response if everything is OK:

```json
{
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "id": 0,
  "result": {}
}
```

> 3. Perform any transaction in another terminal tab to broadcast a `tx` event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Wait for the transaction

Consider performing any transaction in another terminal tab to broadcast a `tx` event for the test purposes. For example, the following transaction can be sent in case of a local pool (for Test Net or Main Net pools `dcld` needs to be configured properly and write access needs to be given, see https://github.com/zigbee-alliance/distributed-compliance-ledger/blob/master/docs/how-to.md#cli-configuration)
```

```bash
dcld tx auth propose-add-account \
--address=cosmos1sdg5vkpz9urcemmw67lnxvzhhuveqe6v70ex2l \
--pubkey="{\"@type\":\"/cosmos.crypto.secp256k1.PubKey\",\"key\":\"A4m98FT/tgsMWZuVBlavWmawwXrvv/nUMhDlU8QsHlOM\"}" \
--roles=NodeAdmin \
--from=jack
```

4. Confirm that the subscriber received the event:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the transaction example above:
```

                    "index": true
                  }
                ]
              },
              {
                "type": "message",
                "attributes": [
                  {
                    "key": "YWN0aW9u",
                    "value": "L3ppZ2JlZWFsbGlhbmNlLmRpc3RyaWJ1dGVkY29tcGxpYW5jZWxlZGdlci5kY2xhdXRoLk1zZ1Byb3Bvc2VBZGRBY2NvdW50",
                    "index": true
                  }
                ]
              }
            ]
          }
        }
      }
    },
    "events": {
      "tm.event": [
        "Tx"
      ],
      "tx.hash": [
        "AF831BBE5BF23545447BB2D1B65E49F99B5A22035F7E1FEB3E4BDC8D243F4115"
      ],
      "tx.height": [
        "1684"
      ],
      "tx.acc_seq": [
        "cosmos14pmg2xg37tzr6kuq4uxvzwkzuftetd7t8a2suu/2"
      ],
      "tx.signature": [
        "kKDRPymEKjvQftWkvYzULSRCLHgt5U6ORdaArcQeYWhteQEYsfaMmIpMdqRVZQ7bKPZN2lzhihMPDZ4p7pRmPw=="
      ],
      "message.action": [
        "/zigbeealliance.distributedcomplianceledger.dclauth.MsgProposeAddAccount"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you please clarify how to get the transaction body (payload) decoded? I think TxResult[tx] or TxResult[result][data] needs to be decoded? Is it protobuf?
